Round Earth theory quickly squashed using facts and logic
They left the door open for scribe's room. The scribe was sick today. I can just write anything here and they'll publish it. Greetings Mother! 
Nothing interesting happened today, or yesterday come to think of it. Is the age we live in just boring? I fear for tomorrow...
Uninterested monkeys added to local zoo. General reception has been poor but zookeeper assures residents they will improve with time
Local seamstress voted most likely to die during childbirth
Local farmer discovers their cow sets new record for number of spots
Newer version of ball and cup game not backwards compatible 
Local chicken crosses road, reason unknown
Rascally schoolchildren invent new game "Dutch Dutch Goose"
New Peter Pan theme park opens up in called "Nether Netherland"
Netherlands was Holland now it's Netherlands, not Holland
Dutchman, Dutchman, Dutchman, Dutch boys up to something
When wind mills the grain when will Mills wind up with a few mills?
Wind - mills, earth - thousands
Holland undergoes brief spider infestation which are a real menace 
New German leader assures citizes that the Dutch stops here, amid border disputes
Holland's Paul Saul gets hauled in after causing a brawl at the Jahl's ball
This tulip stuff is kinda crazy, huh?
Barista convicted for using performance enhancing mugs
Dang Daniel, back at it again with the white clogs
I hate my life
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa sorry my quill was stuck
We hebben een serieus probleem
I was in a band called Tulip Mania
Dutch diplomats and ambassors continue to bump their shins while traveling to the Ottoman Empire
It's not about the money counter it's about sending a message, with tulips, yeah...
Tight-lipped tulip thief doesn't give two licks whose two tulips he too lifts
Hear ye! Hear ye! It is this humble scribes honor to announce the birth of the honorable princess Christina from the Royal Family Applegate
Rembrandt painting of John Calvin urinating to be auctioned off next month
I don't know what the fifth city in Drenthe is, stop Assen
Voorst city in Gelderland still being disputed
Province competition in North Holland looking for the best city with two verbs gives Heerhugowaard what is now the Heerhugowaard award
An outbreak of weeds within Thorn proving hard to remove
When asked to describe their mother's parenting style by using only a city name, a child says "Maastricht"
North Holland basketball Haarlem Gloobetrotters takes the Netherlands by storm with their talented feats of athleticism
Amsterdam floral arranger booked until the 18th century
Black licorice flavor tulips not selling as well 
To the owner of a white mustang, your horse's lantern is on
Chrysanthemums are for chrysanthe-bums
Hydrangeas more like hide your drangeas because they are ugly
Sunflower seeds bring sunflower weeds so watch out
Dark rose proses flows in droves for those in the throes of woes
There's a sale at Penny's!
Crazed women sentenced to five years in jail after bringing a six layer dip to a seven layer dip party
Rumors speak of a strange group of jesters roaming the streets and singing strange songs
Lester the Jester inherits large bounty of wealth, the source of which is unknown. My money is on jester magic.
Local Danish boy Dieterich Buxtehude composes sonata at just 3 month old